## Upgrading to version 3

**Rate limit rules now support non-IP client identifiers**

To add support for non-IP client identifiers within rate limit rules we had to convert them from `TypeMap` to `TypeSet`.

This means that in order to continue using your existing configuration you will need to update your configuration and also update existing resources within your state file.

We have outlined the changes that will need to be made in detail below.

### High Level Overview

1. Backup terraform config and state
2. Change all `rate_limit = {}` definitions to `rate_limit {}` in main.tf
3. Add `client_identifiers {}` to `rate_limit {}` section of main.tf
4. Either manually or using the provided script remove all existing rules and re-import 

### Detailed Overview

#### Backup terraform config and state
1. Make a copy of your terraform configuration and state files

```
tar -czvf terraform-backup.tar.gz main.tf terraform.tfstate
```

#### Change all `rate_limit = {}` definitions to `rate_limit {}`
2. Any references that have `rate_limit = {}` will need to be converted to `rate_limit {}`.

Existing:

```
rate_limit = {
  threshold = 6 
  interval  = 10
  duration  = 300 
}
```

New:
```
rate_limit {
  threshold = 6 
  interval  = 10
  duration  = 300 
}
```

#### Add `client_identifiers {}`
3. Rate limit rules now require that you specify `client_identifiers`. To continue having your rate limit rules operate as they were configured for "ip" based client identifiers you will need to update your `rate_limit {}` section to also specify `client_identifiers`. Example as follows:

```
rate_limit {
  threshold = 6 
  interval  = 10
  duration  = 300
    
  client_identifiers {
    type = "ip"
  }
}
``` 

The supported values for `client_identifiers` are as follows: `ip`, `requestHeader`, `requestCookie`, `postParameter`, `signalPayload`.
Each of these (except for `ip`) allow you to specify additional parameters for `name` and `key`.

You can combine up to 2 of these together (e.g. ip+requestHeader).

For example:

```
rate_limit {
  threshold = 6
  interval  = 10
  duration  = 300

  client_identifiers {
    type = "ip"
  }
  client_identifiers {
    type = "requestHeader"
    name = "x-my-header"
  }
}
```

#### Either manually or using the provided script remove all existing rules and re-import
4. Due to `rate_limit` changing from a `TypeMap` to a `TypeSet` **all** existing site rules need their state removed and re-imported (even those that do not explicitly define `rate_limit`).

Manually this would be as follows:

* Run `terraform state rm sigsci_site_rule.<rule name>` for every rule.
* Re-import each rule using `terraform import sigsci_site_rule.<rule name> <site_short_name>:<rule_id>`

**IMPORTANT**: You should run `terraform state rm` for every rule before doing the import!

To aid with this, we have provided the below script that can be used to automate this process.
The script uses `terraform state pull` to gather the existing state and pulls in all of your site rules, their names, and ids. It then removes the existing state and imports it again into the new structure.

**Note: The below script requires that you have installed `jq`**
```
#!/bin/bash

TF_STATE=$(terraform state pull)
IMPORT_CMD=""
for rule_name in $(echo "$TF_STATE"|jq -r '.resources[]| select(.type=="sigsci_site_rule") | .name'); do
    site_short_name=$(echo "$TF_STATE"|jq --arg rule_name "$rule_name" -r '.resources[]| select(.type=="sigsci_site_rule") | select(.name==$rule_name) | .instances[].attributes | .site_short_name ');
    rule_id=$(echo "$TF_STATE"|jq --arg rule_name "$rule_name" -r '.resources[]| select(.type=="sigsci_site_rule") | select(.name==$rule_name) | .instances[].attributes | .id ');

    printf "Removing state for: site:%s rule_name:%s rule_id:%s\n" "$site_short_name" "$rule_name" "$rule_id";
    terraform state rm sigsci_site_rule."$rule_name"
    if [ -z "$IMPORT_CMD" ] ; then
        IMPORT_CMD="terraform import sigsci_site_rule.\"$rule_name\" \"$site_short_name\":\"$rule_id\"";
    else
        IMPORT_CMD="$IMPORT_CMD;terraform import sigsci_site_rule.\"$rule_name\" \"$site_short_name\":\"$rule_id\""
    fi
done;

echo "Re-importing rules"
eval $IMPORT_CMD;
```
