---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sigsci_corp_cloudwaf_instance Resource - terraform-provider-sigsci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sigsci_corp_cloudwaf_instance (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sigsci_corp_cloudwaf_instance" "test_corp_cloudwaf" {
  name                      = "Test CloudWAF"
  description               = "for test"
  region                    = "ap-northeast-1"
  tls_min_version           = "1.2"
  use_uploaded_certificates = true

  workspace_configs {
    site_name         = sigsci_site.this.short_name
    instance_location = "direct"
    listener_protocols = [
      "https",
    ]

    routes {
      certificate_ids = [
        "a01bc234-5678-9de0-a12b-3456c789d12d",
      ]
      connection_pooling = true
      domains = [
        "example.com",
      ]
      origin              = "https://origin.example.com"
      pass_host_header    = true
      trust_proxy_headers = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Friendly description to identify a CloudWAF instance.
- `name` (String) Friendly name to identify a CloudWAF instance.
- `region` (String) Region the CloudWAF Instance is being deployed to. (Supported region: "us-east-1", "us-west-1", "af-south-1", "ap-northeast-1", "ap-northeast-2", "ap-south-1", "ap-southeast-1", "ap-southeast-2", "ca-central-1", "eu-central-1", "eu-north-1", "eu-west-1", "eu-west-2", "eu-west-3", "sa-east-1", "us-east-2", "us-west-2").
- `tls_min_version` (String) TLS minimum version. Versions Available: "1.0", "1.2".
- `use_uploaded_certificates` (Boolean)
- `workspace_configs` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 5) Workspace Configs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workspace_configs))

### Read-Only

- `deployment` (List of Object) The sites primary Agent key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--workspace_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workspace_configs`

Required:

- `instance_location` (String) Set instance location to "direct" or "advanced".
- `listener_protocols` (Set of String) Specify the protocol or protocols required. ex. ["http", "https"], ["https"].
- `routes` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 200) Routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workspace_configs--routes))
- `site_name` (String) Site name.

Optional:

- `client_ip_header` (String) Specify the request header containing the client IP address, available when InstanceLocation is set to "advanced". Default: "X-Forwarded-For".

<a id="nestedblock--workspace_configs--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workspace_configs.routes`

Required:

- `domains` (Set of String) List of domain or request URIs, up to 100 entries.
- `origin` (String) Origin server URI.

Optional:

- `certificate_ids` (Set of String) List of certificate IDs in string associated with request URI or domains. IDs will be available in certificate GET request.
- `connection_pooling` (Boolean) If enabled, this will allow open TCP connections to be reused (default: true)
- `pass_host_header` (Boolean) Pass the client supplied host header through to the upstream (including the upstream TLS handshake for use with SNI and certificate validation). If using Heroku or Server Name Indications (SNI), this must be disabled (default: false).
- `trust_proxy_headers` (Boolean) If true, will trust proxy headers coming into the agent. If false, will ignore and drop those headers (default: false)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Route unique identifier.



<a id="nestedatt--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment`

Read-Only:

- `dns_entry` (String)
- `egress_ips` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--deployment--egress_ips))
- `message` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--deployment--egress_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment.egress_ips`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import sigsci_corp_cloudwaf_instance.test_corp_cloudwaf id
```
